Update guidance for capabilities and entitlements (#279)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/05-non-fungible-tokens-2.md

self.account.capabilities.publish(cap, at: self.CollectionPublicPath)
```

Now, anyone could borrow that capability as the entitled version it was issued as

> and steal your NFT! This is why it is always so important to use well-defined entitlements in all your important functions and be very careful how you create your capabilities and publish them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, anyone could borrow that capability as the entitled version it was issued as and steal your NFT! This is why it is always critical to use well-defined entitlements in all your important functions and be very careful how you create your capabilities and publish them:
```
